# SuperGameGirl
Hello Everyone!

Thank you for checking out my instructions on how to build your own SuperGameGirl. The SuperGameGirl is a Raspberry Pi powered handheld system that runs RetroPie giving you the ability to play games from the NES, SNES, Genesis, GameBoy, GameGear, Atari, Playstation, arcade games (MAME) and lots of other systems. In designing this handheld I made sure to include enough buttons for full Playstation emulation so there is a d-pad, start, select, A, B, X, Y, L1, R1, L2, and R2 buttons. The SuperGameGirl is powered by a 6000mAh LiPo battery that gives it around 7 hours battery life. The battery is rechargeable via microUSB on the bottom of the handheld with a status LED to showing charging and fully charged states. The power supply in the unit allows it to be charged while you are playing as well. A microcontroller distributes the power from the powersupply to the RaspberryPi, screen, amp, and other peripherals while ensuring that the Pi is shutdown properly when the switch its turned off. This is required to prevent SD card corruption and loosing your precious saved games! Using RetroPie allows the emulators to be quickly set-up, brings saving to systems that previously didn't have the ability to save games, allows the adding of games via USB and uses EmulationStation as a nice clean way to organize everything. If this sounds like fun, keep reading! The detailed instructions on how to assemble one can be found here:  https://imgur.com/a/gFhk7

Here you will find the .stl files that you will need to 3D print the case as well as the softwear that you will need to load onto the Pi and the ATTiny85.

I am havening the 3 circuit boards mass produced.  If you would like a set of boards please send PayPal payment of $26 to Cristov9000@gmail.com.  This price INCLUDES all 3 unpopulated circuitboards, SHIPPING to the CONTINENTAL USA, handeling, the envelope, paypal fees, everything.  It's all inclusive.  If you would like more than one set, please add $21 for each set you would like on top of the original $26.  For example, if you want 3 sets of boards, that you would be $26 + $21 + $21 or $68.  If you are ourside the USA please send me an email at Cristov9000@gmail.com and we can work out shipping.  As of 1/9/2016 the first batch of boards are order and I expect them in 20 days.  I will ship them out first come first serve based on when the payments come in.

Thank you everyone!
